Add Temporal Cloud to SaaS and AI Costs (#37903)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/setup/saas_costs.md

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Temporal Cloud" %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">A service account with the <strong>Finance Admin</strong> or <strong>Account Owner</strong> role is required to generate a Temporal Cloud Billing API key. The Metrics Read-Only and Account Admin roles cannot access the Billing API.</div>

### 1. Generate a Billing API key

1. In Temporal Cloud, navigate to **Settings > Service Accounts > Create Service Account**.
2. Assign the service account the **Finance Admin** or **Account Owner** role.
3. Generate an API key for the service account and copy it to a secure location. Temporal Cloud only shows the key once.

### 2. Configure the Datadog integration

1. In Datadog, go to [**Integrations > Temporal Cloud Cost Management**][110].
2. Click {{< ui >}}Install Integration{{< /ui >}}, then click {{< ui >}}Configure{{< /ui >}}.
3. Click {{< ui >}}Add Account{{< /ui >}} and paste in the Billing API key from Temporal Cloud.
4. Click {{< ui >}}Save{{< /ui >}}.

> After you save your configuration, Datadog begins polling the Temporal Cloud Billing API using this key, and populates metrics in your environment. Your Temporal Cloud cost data can be accessed in Cloud Cost Management within 25-30 hours. To access the available data collected by each SaaS Cost Integration, see the [Data Collected section](#data-collected).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you save your configuration, Datadog begins polling the Temporal Cloud Billing API using this key, and populates metrics in your environment. Your Temporal Cloud cost data can be accessed in Cloud Cost Management within 25–30 hours. To access the available data collected by each SaaS Cost Integration, see [Data Collected](#data-collected).
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Temporal Cloud" %}}

> **Note**: Custom Namespace Tags configured in Temporal Cloud are surfaced as dynamic `temporal_tag_<key>` tags (for example, a Namespace tagged `tmprl_project` appears as `temporal_tag_tmprl_project`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Custom Namespace Tags configured in Temporal Cloud surface as dynamic `temporal_tag_<key>` tags (for example, a Namespace tagged `tmprl_project` appears as `temporal_tag_tmprl_project`).
```
